My Experience in Troubleshooting


My experience in CPE421 subject, I was fortunate enough to have experienced Firsthand and learned, many different sides of what goes into a project, the general process of how a project is initially planned, developed and completed; as well as how much work and detail goes into every stage. Another valuable lesson I have learned the whole semester, were the many different types of work a Computer Technician has to perform, which in turn, have provided me with more insight into the different types of roles and responsibilities that I could perform, as a Computer Engineering Student.

Through experience and observation, another valuable lesson that I learned while studying this subject was that in projects and reports, especially when working in primary stages of certain project, things can change very quickly. There were many days that I’m busy where a deadline had to meet, and these days were stressful to the point where there were times I did not have time to sleep to get the work done. This in some ways reminded me a lot of my late night sessions last semester and how even in this semester, it did not change.

Another aspect of being a Computer Engineering Student which I was glad I had the opportunity to experience. I had the opportunity troubleshoot a Raspberry Pie. This was probably the most enjoyable part of my entire study experience in the subject because I felt excited when we’re going repair the device. This helped me to understand just how important to know this things might be useful in the future

Overall, my experience in this subject was positive. I was very happy with the amount of things that I have learned and experienced this whole semester of being a Student. I believe this subject provides students with the experience needed in order to find a job in computer hardware even if the experience is over a short amount of time. Also, it can be very beneficial as it could lead to a wider knowledge, which is what happened with me. I ended up learning a lot more than I thought I would be able to in the time span, I am so happy that I have completed this.

